Create ui-c8y-1020-0-0-as-a-developer-i-want-to-migrate-alarms-widget-to-the-amgular-3493.md (#2133)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-as-a-developer-i-want-to-migrate-alarms-widget-to-the-angular-3493.md

---

> date: ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2024-06-06
```

> title: As a developer I want to migrate alarms widget to the Angular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Redesign of the alarms feature
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-52646
version: 1020.0.0
---

> A redesign of the alarms feature was introduced with both visual and functional enhancements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As announced earlier, s redesign of the alarms feature has been introduced with both visual and functional enhancements.
```

> As announced earlier, s redesign of the alarms feature has been introduced with both visual and functional enhancements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As announced earlier, a redesign of the alarms feature has been introduced with both visual and functional enhancements.
```

> In the upcoming version, a redesign of the alarms feature will be introduced with both visual and functional enhancements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A redesign of the alarms feature was introduced with both visual and functional enhancements.
```

**Visual and UX enhancements**:

> * The way alarms are displayed in the "Alarms" view and widgets has been redesigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The way alarms are displayed in the alarms view and widgets has been redesigned.
```

**Functional improvements**:

> * The "Alarms" view now only shows one single list of alarms, in which filters can be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The alarms view now only shows one single list of alarms, in which filters can be applied.
```
